learn the ropes
the wise words of our mentors
watch out for advice
explicitly criticised the government
came under attack for my political sentiments
look good on your CV
Had I been more confident, I wouldn't have listened
trust my instincts
regret wasting my twenties
If only I'd known then what I know now
take advantage of opportunities
offered me the opportunity
the most profound effect Schumacher had on me
accompanied me / walk me / drive me
treat everybody with respect
words I still live by
believe in yourself
we were on a steep learning curve
caused some friction
I wish we hadn't listened to their advice

july 6 conditionals

aug 11
i trained as a lower

he always looked up to me
it was a total shock
he had an alibi
the evidence was fraudulent
was given a life sentence
his first appeal failed
I was angry with him
I never doubted his innocence
get out of prison
enrolled at the local college then went on to law school
my husband and I split up
I took it one hurdle at a time
he was convicted
the perpetrator had wiped their hands on
by this point, I
do a project on the Waters case
after his conviction, Kenny was released
was like being in therapy
grown in confidence
to be involved with the Innocence Project
I feel like to be a part of that
****** make vocabulary list ****


aug 13  прошедшее время
aug 18 As a listening task could you please complete ex. 5 a,b, ex.6a,b page 12 Advanced Speak out
jul 29 present time
aug 26 passive Cambridge Grammar for CAE and CPE p. 164 ex. 1a, p. 165 ex. 1b, 2, 3, p. 170 ex. Grammar focus task
aug 28
Everyone (имеет предвзятое мнение о)+has preconceptions about+ what a drug addict is.
They (бросают вызов) +challenge the stereotypes+ that people hold about immigrants.
I was beginning to (сомневаться)+have second thoughts about+ the whole idea.
It's important to (быть объективным)+keep an open mind+.
His attitude is very (быть узким, ограниченным)+narrow-minded+.
The experience was (поучительный, шокирующий)+eye-opening+ as we talked so directly.
I saw the situation (с совершенной новой точки зрения)+from a whole new perspective+.
I didn't (находить его аргумент очень убедительным)+find his argument very convincing+.

sep 3 journalism


sep 29

oct 19  places
our driver took us on a detour to wooden bridge for a closer look
they seize the moment to showcase
one after the other plunged into the water
this impromptu performance remains one of the highlights
this shot embodies the spontaneity of the country and its people's vibrancy
six-lane sea road
buildings in various state of disrepair
Habeneros hang out and party at the weekends
it's unique fingerprints of Havana
there was a warm breeze blowing
a strong sea swell
the sun barely peeping through the clouds
pontiac approaching in the distance
this photo captures the essence of Havana: a uniquely photogenic city
ancestor
i'd wandered onto a film set
